#i have just been feeling ready to come out to them now so this is just like a plan of what i could do and how i have been feeing, and how i could explain to them 



Codes

#  = comment 
// = plan and what im gong to do





#What is the plan?

//leave the house, say that im going on a walk.
//go to the garage and change, get ready.
//go back to the door and knock.
//when someone opens say "hi im kumi, nice to meet you"

//cone into the house.

//and talk to them about how for the longest time this is how ive felt 

#How have I felt?

Since I was around 12 I knew that I was not a cis male


i didnt know what transgender was then but i felt like i was not a boy

i got jelous of the girls in school when they got to wear skirts and dresses and got to paint their nails and do makeup, i got jelous of my cousins when they got makeup for christmas.

i use to wish when i went sleep to wake up as a girl the next day and just live normaly ans stop pretending that i was sombody that i was not. someone that my family wants me to be.
so when i got a job paper round i would buy stuff like dresses and skirts of amazon and get it deliverd to the lockers. and at night i wouuld get dressed up 

also im bi 

when i was 14 i came out to you as trans and you shrugged it off as it was a phase, but i dont think phases last this long.

i remember after that i just pushed the feelings down and told my self that i was straight. but i wuld still come back to getting ready at night and being me insted of (deadname)

at the end of last year to the start of this year i have came out to my friedns and also to my teachers at college and i have asked if i could talk to a Councler and i am, and its good.
i thought of the name Emilia but that was not fitting obiously so i went with a name that is more close to home and is cultuarly apropreate and that is Kumi.
what dose it mean? well it means long period of time or Beautiul. I mean ill go with the first one as the second one isnt true.

all i want to do is just be who i am.

whats been stoping me from telling you is that you have said that if me or kush were gay, that we would be kicked out.

so over the past year ive been hinting at you and dad. firstly ive been wearing the pride bracelet from your work mum.

#Ok yes i am kinda doing the gender steriotype thing that pink is a girly colour but i genuinely like the colour

but it was like getting room pink and pink bed sheets, getting the a pink watch band, then it was painting my nails and wearing knee high socks and leggins infront of you mum and you,
have not said a thing so.

Once i wanted to paint my nails you said that you were getting worried. i dont know what that means and you wont tell me.

i have asked grandma and and aunti priti what they think of LGBTQ+ and both of them are cool with it so i just dont know what your problem is mum. idk about dads views because he just
dont care 

but anyways 

Hi im Kumi my pronounes are She/Her and im your daughter idk who (Dead name) is

i just want to keep this with us for now but when it comes to extended family i want them to find out naturaly like dont tell them oh (Dead name) is transgender, just let them find out
by them selvs

we have more to talk about but for now thats it 



#im going to have a "to go" bag ready and i have money to get to places if needs be if something does happen 

